This is the most
insane laser obstacle ever created,
and this is just one of many
dangerous and extreme laser mazes
that we've built for this video.
Whichever one of these
ten contestants
survives the longest wins 250 grand.
Everyone, follow me.
Welcome to room number one.
You freaking kidding me?
Yo! How are we supposed
to get through this?
The rules are simple.
You need to go touch that
box of money.
But you touch a laser,
you lose $250,000.
The billion dollar question
is, who's going first?
Oh, okay. We have our first go.
What in the world, bros?
- I'm stressing out.
- Yeah.
The craziest part is this is the
simplest of all the rooms we built.
It gets so much harder after this.
Okay.
She's giving Number 1 no space
to work with over there.
All right, y'all,
I got to get right there.
This might look like a game,
but it's very serious.
This $250,000
cube of money is on the line.
Okay, good, good, good, good, good.
All right.
It's coming towards you.
Oh my God.
Oh my goodness.
Hey...
No! Am I out?
Did I just...?
Oh my God.
Only nine remain.
Oh, yes.
You got it.
All right.
We got our first finisher.
We got our second.
I'm stuck.
Where am I close? Where am I close?
- Let's go, baby.
- We in here!
That was surprisingly close.
- Yeah.
- Let's go!
And by the way,
this video takes place in space
because in the last video,
we accidentally blow up
the entire planet.
And no, it's not CGI.
This is 100% real.
Stop asking me that.
Turn on the lasers.
A little overwhelming.
Very scared.
In order to complete this level,
each of you
will have to navigate this course
and then traverse this wall.
All while the red laser walls
close in on you.
Stay down the middle.
And trust me when I say
this level is difficult, I mean it.
I tried it earlier and didn't
even get close to pass.
Start level two.
Okay, we're going.
We're going.
Oh, man, bro.
Hey, move the wall faster.
Go, go, go, go, go, go.
What the hell is this?
This is super hard.
Go, go, go, go, go, go.
Good job. Hurry.
Go, go, go.
That's cutting it close.
I didn't even know we were starting.
I thought he was just doing an intro
and everyone started moving.
That was a little scary.
I had to sprint through that,
it felt like...
Follow me to the next set.
Now everyone here may look happy,
but I had something to tell them.
Not all of you survived.
Someone actually hit the laser.
I'll be back with the footage.
Did anyone see it?
I don't think I touched the laser,
but I don't know.
I just want to make it
to the next room.
I was like the second one
to jump in the pit,
so I feel like I had enough space
and time.
I don't know. We'll see.
I didn't think I had it a laser.
But if I'm the last person
and the walls are coming in
like it might be me.
- My heart is just beating out my chest.
- Me too
I know.
On this iPad,
we have who's been eliminated.
I don't want to look.
All right, everyone,
huddle up, huddle up.
Oh gosh.
So here's culprit number one.
It's me.
It hit your shoulder,
then your back, then your butt.
It was actually impressive
how much you got hit by it.
If we all want to salute him as he leaves.
- Bye, guys.
- Bye.
It's been really an honor.
Up next, if you look right here,
we zoom in on number eight.
You'll notice he didn't get out.
It was actually you.
Yeah.
Oh my God.
I don't know why you all are sad.
Five remain.
And now we can be happy.
But unfortunately, that happiness
isn't going to last very long.
Welcome to the next level.
Isn't this insane?
What in the world is this?
I know it's a lot to process,
but this level is pretty simple.
When the timer starts, you have 10
minutes to get onto that moving platform,
walk across a balance beam,
then get on another moving platform,
and then jump to safety,
all while avoiding the lasers.
Start the timer.
I got this. I got this.
I should have got on.
Hey, this is insane.
That beam is wobbling, dude.
I see it moving.
Let's go, Rain.
7 minutes left.
I'm good right here.
- Are you going?
- Yeah.
Okay. So how are we doing this?
I don't know, I'm not going to lie.
That's for you all to figure out.
We're stepping up.
All right, here I go.
All right.
10 is on the other platform.
Two is on the balance beam?
Okay.
This is it.
- Yes!
- Yeah.
Girl power.
Who run the world? Girls!
Time's running out.
Hurry up.
Maybe you all go at the same time.
Oh, she did it. Oh, there's two!
Nice and easy.
All right, let's see it.
You're the last one.
Only 4 minutes remain.
Hey, there's a laser behind you.
- Turn around.
- We're good. We're good
- Yes!
- Yeah!
Girl Power!
Oh my God!
There's only three and a half minutes left.
It's going to go back.
- Let's go!
- Oh my God!
- That was sick, dude!
Player eight is
the only one still competing.
We got time, baby. We got time.
Yo, I don't know about this one, guys.
You've only got a couple of lasers left.
Oh, my God.
- There he is!
- No way bro!
Yeah, that was the hardest one
so far, not gonna lie.
Congratulations on surviving.
Let's go to the next level
that has giant death beams.
Death beam.
Yeah, that's right. Death beams.
I spent $42
trillion on this spaceship.
You don't think
I'm going to add a death beam?
Welcome to level four.
What are we looking at over there?
I can't tell.
My heart is beating like crazy, bro.
Boys.
Fire the death beams.
Oh! What the…?
Yo! What?
So as you'll see before it fires,
you see a little flash of light.
Your goal is simple.
Reach the other side without touching
any of the red lasers
or getting absolutely cremated
by the giant blue death lasers.
Have fun.
Underneath it.
Number six is safe.
Eight's safe.
Let me take that.
Let's go, come on.
I'm good, I'm good, I'm good.
Okay.
Oh, man.
It's only number four.
I think he made it.
Give me the box.
Here, touch the box.
Dubs baby. Let's go.
That one got the adrenaline pumping.
I'm glad four of you survive because,
like, levels six, seven, eight,
nine and ten,
we're all very expensive.
So I hope you don't all lose soon.
But to be honest,
I'd be very surprised
if someone didn't lose
on this next one.
What the heck is this?
Come inside the prison.
Close the laser door.
Oh, bro.
You're now trapped
in a giant laser prison.
And at some random point in the next
10 hours, these lasers will turn off
for exactly three and a half seconds,
and you'll have to run
and touch the money
before they turn back on, you know how
short three and a half seconds is?
- And how massive this room is?
- No way, bro.
- No way.
- Have fun.
When do you ever get 10 hours
to prepare for
the biggest three
and a half seconds of your life?
How long can a person
go without sleeping?
I've gone like 48 hours for sure.
- No problem.
- Why?
I was, like, playing
video games one night or something.
You think we're actually
going to get to the 10-hour mark?
I think we are.
It's pretty intimidating, not going to lie.
Simon says touch the laser.
I don't know what the
rules on tripping are but...
we might find out pretty soon.
Turn off the lasers. Please.
I'm really hungry.
- Yeah.
- Think they're going to bring in food?
We ain't getting no food.
And if they bring dinner in here,
we're here for 10 hours
and they bring some kind of food.
Oh, sheesh!
How's it going?
Just wanted to make sure you're awake.
- We're awake.
- We are now.
How many hours
do you think it's been?
I think we're going on three.
It's been six and a half hours and you're
probably hungry, so boys bring it in.
We also brought you guys some Prime.
Thanks, KSI.
- This is your first time trying Prime?
- This is my first sip of Prime.
Let's see it.
- Your first ever sip of Prime.
- This is crazy.
- What do you think of it?
- It was just like the Popsicle.
I was surprised as well.
It tastes pretty good.
- Enjoy your Prime and food.
- Thank you!
Thank you.
- 6 hours?
- I don't think so, bro.
It's not been 6 hours.
The minute these turn off, I'm out.
This is starting to get not fun.
I do not spend all this time in here
to not touch that box.
Do you know the
longer that we stand in here,
the slower you're
going to run across?
You're going to be done for.
10 minutes to 10 hours,
Like what kind of range is that,
Jimmy?
What are you doing to us right now?
This is crazy.
I feel like an animal in a cage.
It's five in the morning and
they have been in there for seven hours.
The stakes are high.
They're all staring at the money.
It's getting primal.
But if we press this button,
the lasers will cut off
for three and a half seconds.
You may press the button.
Will they make it? Will they make it?
They all got it.
That felt like the end of the world.
Oh, my gosh.
How are all of you that alert?
It is 5 a.m.
That was 7 hours.
We're just that determined.
Because nobody got out,
we're going to have to run it back
for another 10 hours.
- I'm kidding, that was a joke
- Okay. Okay.
It's been way too long of a day.
Follow me.
We're like, "What?"
We're like, "Wait a minute."
But days are kind of irrelevant
when you're on a spaceship.
A giant spaceship.
Come on in.
- What...
- Morning!
- ...in the world?
- Morning.
Come on in.
So welcome to Level seven.
Dude.
What in the world, bro?
You're probably wondering,
why am I holding so much prime?
It's because Prime Hydration is a zero
added sugar hydration drink.
This bad boy is only 20 calories,
naturally flavored with 10%
coconut water
and enough vitamins and electrolytes
to keep these contestants
going throughout the entire video,
all without
a single milligram of caffeine.
And because the company is founded
by my friends Logan, Paul and KSI,
if you do this course
while holding prime,
I'll give you $10,000.
- Holding a bottle or the whole tray?
- Just holding a bottle.
Here you go.
Catch.
Each contestant needs to hold
a bottle of Prime while jumping
from platform to platform
and avoiding the lasers on the floor.
The lasers will briefly disappear
every 30 seconds, so they're welcome
to try what seems to be the easy
way out and risk running.
Or they can make the jump.
My heart is pounding.
- Can I go?
- Yeah, go ahead.
Yeah, you go first, if you want.
Dude, I wanna take my time.
Okay, I think I can make that.
Oh, he just jumped.
What the heck?
The thing is, the further
you get, the further they get apart.
I don't know if I can jump that.
Nice, Rain.
Oh, this is scary.
Are you going to jump it
if I move?
Once she jumps, I'll jump.
All right, bet.
Just in case. Just in case.
I could use the floor that time.
You see, I knew it was coming.
That was smart.
Okay, now my adrenaline is pumping.
- Yes!
- Let's go. All right. She's alive.
We're good.
That was good.
You went so far.
I don't know if I touched it, though.
We got to look at the camera footage.
We're going to replay that,
instant replay.
Karl, what's the verdict?
Number 8 is eliminated.
You definitely hit it, I promise.
We'll still give you
the $10,000 for the Prime.
It's official.
Oh, no, I'm sorry.
It hurts.
It hurts. But, you know...
Hey, grab that 10 grand briefcase
for the Prime.
Prime makes it taste a little bit
better, makes it go down some.
See you, dude.
Thanks Jimmy.
No problem, thanks for coming out.
- You have a great day.
- I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
Life is crazy right now.
And now three remain.
Number 4 isn't ready,
but he's going after this one.
You're good, you're good.
How does your heart feel?
Better.
I'm going this next time.
Don't play no games with me, okay?
She got it.
I'm going to get out the way.
All right.
We have our first finisher.
Thank you!
Oh, look at those feet.
Straight shot, baby.
He almost broke it.
Dude, I lost my first step.
Don't kiss my money.
Why's he kissing my money?
Last one remaining.
That's a lot of pressure.
Okay.
Okay!
We have three finishers.
Yeah.
And these next three levels
are going to determine
who walks away with $250,000.
Welcome to Level seven.
You have two choices.
You can either eliminate yourself
and win a Tesla or
keep competing for a chance
to win $250,000.
What will it be?
There's like a billion lasers
over there.
You think
you got to get through that?
If you're a quiter,
go for the Tesla.
You have a guaranteed
40 grand or a 33% chance of 250.
There's a way through these lasers,
though, right?
Of course.
Nolan.
- You're being annoying.
- This thing's just really comfortable.
That's the car I wanted.
I got to get the money.
Give me money!
- All right.
- Yeah.
- Okay.
- Boys, boys.
Go get your cars, ladies.
I'm going to get this cash.
If all three of you go over here to get it,
that's crazy.
I'm going to send it.
I want to make it to Room 10.
This is actually
a big decision for you
because you know they're doing it
now. They can't come back.
- Yeah, I know.
- If you pick the Tesla...
you can drive it out today.
There's a chance you walk over
with nothing over there.
- You don't want the money?
- Yeah.
Turning it down?
Look at this thing.
Five, four,
three, two.
You can walk out with this car.
One...
Just go get the car.
Take your pick.
I know.
- I'm sorry. You'll probably hate me.
- Just pick!
Free car or a chance to win money.
I'm going to go with...
The money.
- Let's do it.
- You never get this chance.
Head on down there.
Let's do this.
I cannot believe nobody
went for the Teslas.
Go ahead, Rain.
You waited long enough.
Dang!
I'm good. Look, I got to make sure
this booty don't hit nothing.
Dude, that is so tight.
Yeah, that is tight.
There's two paths
and one is a dead end.
I think she's going
to the dead end.
Oh, my gosh.
You are, like,
literally a millimeter away.
She's about to shimmy
her way to 250 grand.
Well, a chance at 250.
- You have one little choke-point left.
- You're almost done.
I'm coming, Karl.
I can see you right now and
there's no lasers between us.
Hit that.
Yeah.
Touch that.
All right, we have our first finisher.
I did it. I did it.
You could do anything.
Ten, if they both touch lasers, you win.
- Six… it's not a race.
- Oh my God!
This isn't NASCAR.
- I know, I just...
- Are you going for a world record?
I'm just scared if I don't go through this,
I'm going to start shaking.
Let's go!
All right, one more.
Everyone focus your attention on four.
This is the hardest part right here.
It gets very, very narrow.
Oh, watch your foot.
Will his butt hit it?
I know it hasn't. I said, "will".
I'll speak more clearly.
Oh, my God, I'm literally sweating.
That is so tight.
I need to get out of here,
if I go right there and jump over.
Can I do that?
I approve.
You can jump over
the laser wall.
Yes, if he can clear this wall,
He might win this whole thing.
You think it'd be easier to jump over
this and walk along the edge
and jump back over
than to go through the base?
I mean, maybe not easier,
but I definitely have more confidence
doing that.
I want to see you jump over this.
Just to be clear,
I think this is awesome.
Now, who's the one
having to make a decision, Blake?
I can clear that, I'm doing it.
He did it.
That was crazy.
You two thought
he was going to hit it.
Look at their faces.
They're so mad.
What the heck?
- Now he's walking along the edge.
- Oh my God.
He's going to have to jump back now.
Dude,
it is definitely taller over here.
We didn't build the set with this
in mind.
He's literally breaking the game.
And our set, apparently.
These walls aren't super strong
because we didn't
plan on people doing this.
If you fall, you're out.
Just, you know.
This is insane.
No way he did it.
What the frick just happened?
Let's just go to the other room.
Follow me to the in-between room.
That was the craziest thing
I've ever seen.
Starting out when
it was ten of us...
Did any of you all think
it would be us, last three?
I saw both of you as a threat.
You all are like the same person.
If you were silhouettes,
it'd be like the same person.
As long as I keep going first,
that's going to be the way I win.
Honestly,
I can't follow behind anyone.
I have to trust in myself
and go for it.
I won't lose.
Complete honesty,
I have no idea what happens next.
That's why
I want to get to the next door.
Let's go to the next room.
Now, making a bunch of
laser mazes is pretty tough,
so I had my friends
help me with this next one.
- Welcome.
- Hi, guys.
- Hey.
- This is your money.
This level only has three lasers.
I let each of the boys place a laser,
and those are the only three ones
on this level.
Turn on Nolan's laser.
I call this one the "up and down".
That's not that crazy.
I'd call it pathetic.
Turn on Tareq's laser.
I call this one side to side.
Very creative.
What do you guys think of it so far?
- That's pretty crazy.
- It's pretty hard.
Now turn on Karl's laser.
Yeah, yeah, yeah.
And there you go.
Level 8 is these three lasers.
Not a fan of the green one.
Hey, guys, you're supposed to run, not sit.
Hey, why don't you guys
go to the control room?
- I see the path.
- I see the path too.
Oh, he's gone.
What the heck?
Hey no pressure, guys.
He didn't even say he was going.
He just. He just went.
What just happened?
I blinked,
and he was already at the money.
I know I wasn't saying much,
but I just had to zone in, block
everything out
and see the path and take off.
We officially have
our first finisher.
If they both get out,
you win $250,000.
No pressure, fellas.
Oh, she's going.
All right, our second go.
The green hit her.
It's up to you, Yei!
The only thing standing between number four
and a quarter of a million dollars is you.
If you get out, he officially wins.
This is...
I don't know, dude.
You got to show me
how bad you want it, Yei.
I'm really scared.
What'll get you out?
- The Karl laser.
- Look at me.
The Nolan laser, the Tareq laser.
Oh, she's gone.
She started a little bit...
Okay, the red one.
She did it.
She did it!
- She made it!
- Yeah, it was incredible.
Well, I feel like she made that
30 trillion times harder than he did
Did the laser touch me?
No, you did it.
Are you sure?
Didn't hit a laser.
You're good.
What?
You got to be kidding me.
Oh, my gosh.
It's time for us
to go to the ninth level.
Only one of you is going to survive
this final level.
Basically, it's a level
where you go until one of you loses.
- Okay.
- I'll see you there.
- Are we fighting? Laser tag?
- I don't know.
I'm going to launch a nuke
at the moon.
I have no reason for doing it.
I just wanted to.
Let's see who wins $250,000.
I'm nervous.
Yeah, this is a mental challenge.
Trying to stay zoned in.
Going on 5:00 AM right here.
But I came this this far.
I'm in confident
this whole time. I promise I'm ready.
It's like, what, 5:00 AM?
Yes.
I don't even know.
I'm tired.
But I got to do every
one of these rounds,
and just like,
show people that I can do it.
I hope they both win.
- That's just not how it works.
- They both really deserve it.
Just add suspense.
We made them wait a few hours.
This sucks.
I know.
I hate it so much.
Waiting's making me nervous.
Oh, my God.
I can't believe you both said no
to the Teslas.
It's top three. You got it.
I mean, we're one room away.
Go big or go home.
In your mind, what are the
odds you win the next level?
100%.
Really?
I feel confident.
Well, he's pretty confident,
but I'm just like...
I hope I win,
I really, really hope I win.
You guys have any last words?
Not really.
I'm kind of, I'm kind of zoned in.
I'll shake your hand.
And now we're enemies.
Welcome to the final level.
For this last level,
we combined all the previous mazes
into one.
Player number six come in.
My Lord.
Hold there for one second.
Player number four, come on in.
Holy smokes.
Okay.
Since there's only two of you,
this one's a little different.
You either touch the money first,
instantly winning it,
or your opponent touches a laser
before you,
thus they're eliminated
and you instantly win.
Number four, does that make sense?
I hear you out loud and clear.
Number six, does that make sense?
Makes sense.
I'm going to give you both 30 seconds
to weigh this massive strategic decision.
This is for all the marbles.
I want to win this.
Dude, my heart is...
Dude, he looks so nervous right now.
If you try to run this,
you're going to hit a laser.
I'm just standing there.
That is definitely the strat.
I got to play offense.
I want to go as far as I can.
Ten more seconds.
Yep, as fast as I can.
Release the dogs.
I'm going to send it.
I'm not waiting for him to mess up.
Say the word Jimmy.
Let me go. Let me go.
I'm not waiting.
Three.
Two.
One.
Begin.
All right.
Like I thought Blake is going for it.
He is way ahead.
Okay.
All right, they're about tied.
Okay, so far no one's out.
That was close.
Blake is way ahead.
Okay.
Her only hope is that he ends up
getting out here.
He hit a laser.
What?
- He did, he hit it.
- What?
You're lying.
No, hey cut the lasers off.
It doesn't matter.
- What?
- Turn them all off.
Don't headbutt it.
Are you okay?
Stop hurting yourself.
What?
That's freaking crazy.
And obviously, Blake, we're going
to give you a second place prize
of another $10,000.
because he won $10,000
during the course of Prime.
I know it's not a quarter of a mil.
- Here's another ten grand.
- Thanks, Mr. Jimmy.
Do you want me to deliver it
in a giant cube
or would you prefer me
just wire you the money?
I want you to bring it to me
in a cube.
- What if they try to rob you?
- Oh, I don't know then.
I'll wire you the money.
I hope you guys enjoy it.
See you later.
You can stand in it.
Just, you're going to sink, so be careful.
- Yeah. You see what I mean?
- I sunk through.